Google+
Email
There was a strong rumour spreading around the internet about the possible connection of the logo of the Barclays Premier League to a similar looking emblem at Alexandria, Egypt. Reports emerged later claiming that the the logo is actually closer in resemblance to a statue at a memorial under water. Both rumours, however, are false as the logo is indigenous to England.
The aforementioned memorial is the Atlantic Memorial Reef , 3.25 miles off the coast of Key Biscayne, Florida. It is the largest man-made reef in the world. It is however, a cemetery. The dearly departed’s ashes are mixed with cement, designed especially for underwater use, and put into a mold. The achieved product is then taken by divers and laid underwater safely. The cemetery is half an acre in size and at approximately 40 feet under water. There is a proposed plan to increase the size of the said cemetery to 16 acres.
The Barclays Premier League logo bears resemblance to one of the cement molds in the aforementioned cemetery. The logo of the BPL is a lion, wearing a crown, holding out his left paw on a football. An almost exact replica can be found at the memorial, which was first designed to resemble the lost city of Atlantis. The statue can be seen below:
Credit: Neptune Society
In case you’re unfamiliar with the BPL logo, here’s an example:
Logo of the Barclays Premier League
The two resemble each other quite a lot except for a few changes here and there. Firstly, notice the mouths of both lions, the statue has it opened whereas the logo has it shut. Second, the tail of the emblem is wayward whereas on the statue, it just comes inward. Thirdly, the missing crown on the statue.
The reason why the Premier League has a lion is because it’s one of the national symbols of England. The lion with a crown was first used by the English Army in the 12th century although, there were three of them and they were all made off gold. Ever since then, the English have adopted it to represent a sense of strength and solidarity. The English national team too, is fondly nicknamed ‘The Three Lions.”
Even before Barclays sponsored the Premier League, the logo had a lion in it with a crown, having its paw on a football.
The Football Association’s Premier League till 1991.
So there is no connection between Alexandria, Egypt and the BPL logo, even though, ironically, the search for the remains of the lost city began in 1992, the same year the BPL started. Also there are no viable sources giving an insight into the possible connection of the logo and the memorial’s statue.
Following are a few more pictures of the statue underwater:
Credit: Neptune Society
