Feb 11, 2018
Second half goals from Albert Adomah and Conor Hourihane earned Villa victory in the Second City Derby.
Subscribe to our daily newsletter
Sign Up
Conor Hourihane bagged Villa's second goal on 81 minutes. Pic: Tony Marsh.
Here we rate the players after a win which saw Steve Bruce's men climb to second in the Championship.
Sam Johnstone
Didn’t have a serious save to make during the 90 minutes. Showed good alertness to tip a deflected Jacques Maghoma cross over the bar. 7/10
Ahmed Elmohamady
Got forward well in support of Robert Snodgrass. Steady at the back aside from a period in the first half when he was given a tricky time by Jeremie Boga. 6/10
James Chester
The Wales international is Villa’s Mr Dependable and this was another afternoon where he barely put a foot wrong. Won key headers and tackles. 7/10
John Terry
Advertising
Mistakes have been few and far between from Villa’s skipper but his first-half slip almost proved costly. It was the only blot on an otherwise strong performance. 6/10
Alan Hutton
Continues to impress at left-back. Showed a willingness to get forward and gave great support to Adomah. 7/10
Mile Jedinak
Advertising
Vindicated the manager’s decision to recall him with a powerhouse performance in the middle of the park. Aerial dominance kept Villa on the front foot. 8/10
Robert Snodgrass
A relentless display of running from the Scot whose delivery from the wing and set-pieces caused Blues countless problems. Was still tracking back in stoppage time with the game won. 7/10
Conor Hourihane
Capped a fine performance with a spectacular goal to seal another derby win for Villa. Showed a willingness to get stuck in. 7/10
Albert Adomah
Continued his own brilliant season with the opener on the hour mark. Went close in the first half, but saw his shot saved by Stockdale. 7/10
Scott Hogan
Was inches away from netting the opener with a shot which clattered off the top of the bar. An energetic performance from the forward which deserved a goal. 7/10
STAR MAN
Jack Grealish
The 22-year-old didn’t get the winning goal he had dreamed of but was Villa’s instigator in chief as they downed rivals Blues. Grealish set up Albert Adomah for the opening goal on the hour mark and was a constant menace from the first minute to the last. He is the glue which holds Villa’s attacking unit together. 8/10.
Substitutes
Lewis Grabban (for Hogan, 79)
A derby debut for the striker.
Birkir Bjarnason (for Grealish, 84)
Almost netted in stoppage time.
Glenn Whelan (for Adomah, 88)
A late cameo.
