Nigerian Breweries Plc
Deal To Last For Five Years
In its bid to boost Nigerian football, Nigerian Breweries Plc has injected a whopping sum of N2.4 billion into the round leather game in a deal that will last for five years.
Officials of Nigerian Breweries and Nigerian Football Federation (NFF), signed the deal at a ceremony in Lagos on Friday evening, with the NFF expected to pocket about N480 million yearly from the deal.
The agreement will have two of Nigerian Breweries Plc’s biggest brands, Star Lager and Amstel Malta headlining the partnership as official alcoholic and malt beverages of the national football teams of Nigeria.
Speaking at the ceremony, Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, Nigerian Breweries Plc, Mr. Jordi Borrut Bel said: “Nigerian Breweries Plc identifies with the Nigerian passion for the game of football, as well as the desire and expectation for more groundbreaking feats by the national teams. We are delighted to be partnering with the NFF to celebrate this true passion that is fueled by patriotism, resilience and desire for victory, through the platform of football.”
The President of NFF, Amaju Pinnick described as strategic the historic nature of the agreement saying: “This partnership we are unveiling today is very significant, not only because of what the NFF and the national football teams stand to gain, but also because of what is in it for the fans and supporters of Nigerian football.
The benefits of having Star and Amstel Malta as official alcoholic and malt beverages of the national teams respectively will ultimately help the NFF build on its recent achievements.”
The two brands will be providing support to players and coaching crews, as well as premium enjoyment to passionate fans that will be cheering the teams during and after their matches.
On his part, the Marketing Director, Nigerian Breweries Plc, Mr. Franco Maria Maggi said: “Essentially, this is a partnership to support all the national football teams representing this great nation on the football pitch, and the millions of fans who watch with excitement, support and cheer the team.”This partnership is coming at a time the Super Eagles will be competing at 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
In this article:
