The secret behind Man City's success this season
Ilkay Gundogan has praised the phenomenal team spirit at Manchester City this season.
 Share
Click to playTap to play
The video will start in 8Cancel
Play now
Get Manchester City FC updates directly to your inbox
+ Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing!
Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email
Ilkay Gundogan believes the exceptional team spirit at Manchester City is the reason behind their success this season.
The Blues have stormed to a massive lead in the Premier League as they continue to blitz opponents at ease.
Gundogan has become a pivotal part of Pep Guardiola's side since his comeback from a serious knee injury.
Following his terrible injury, City players decided to wear back-to-front Gundogan shirts after seeing the injured midfielder's sad face at the training ground.
And the 27-year-old believes this level of team ethic is paying dividends with their performances on the pitch.
"I saw on the TV my teammates had my shirt on going out on the pitch," Gundogan told mancity.com.
Read More
Man City plans for Vincent Kompany if they win the Premier League title
"But I think it’s always more about what happens in the dressing room when you are there with your teammates and nobody else is there. You are together there – it’s the way you treat each other, how you speak to each other.
"I never felt that I was alone during my rehab, even when you are sometimes, especially in moments in the gym when the team is outside at a training session.
"I had to do my own rehab programme. But in the dressing room it just feels like everybody is the same, if you're injured or not playing much. It doesn’t really matter, everyone treats everyone with a lot of respect, especially the team this season it’s even more special.
"The atmosphere in the team, I appreciate it a lot.”
Ilkay Gundogan celebrates scoring the opening goal against Tottenham Hotspur.
Gundogan has been a star performer for the Blues in recent weeks, putting in another commanding midfield display during their 5-1 win over Leicester.
And with the recent injury concerns behind him, the German international is excited to play a part in his side's trophy push.
“Of course I need to take care of my condition and especially my knee, but thankfully I’ve had no big issues and once I was fit I was always able to train with the team. I never had to have a break or anything," he said.
"I am just enjoying that time with the lads, playing with them and having the success is quite fun so hopefully we can go on in the next few weeks."
Like us on Facebook
