Liam Miller, former Celtic, Manchester United and Sunderland midfielder, dies aged 36
• Midfielder had been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer late last year
• Miller won 21 Republic of Ireland caps in career spanning 16 years
Fri 9 Feb 2018 23.43 EST
First published on Fri 9 Feb 2018 18.41 EST
Liam Miller in his Sunderland days in 2007. Photograph: Christopher Lee/Getty Images
The former Republic of Ireland midfielder Liam Miller has died aged 36 from pancreatic cancer.
Miller, who played for Celtic, Manchester United , Sunderland and Hibernian during a senior career spanning 16 years from 2000, had been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in November 2017.
Miller began his career at Celtic and made 26 appearances for Martin O’Neill’s side before joining Manchester United in 2004. After struggling for regular first-team football he moved two years later to Sunderland , for whom he played 57 times in three years before a two-year stint at Hibernian.
He later played in Australia for Perth Glory, Brisbane Roar and Melbourne City before returning to Ireland to play for his hometown club Cork City in 2015.
He also played 21 times for the Republic of Ireland, scoring once.
His former Sunderland team-mate Danny Higginbotham tweeted : “RIP Liam Miller. Devastating news. Great player but more importantly fantastic person. So sad. Thoughts with his family.”
The head of Australia’s A-League, Greg O’Rourke, said many people involved with the competition are feeling the loss of the highly regarded Miller.
“There has been an outpouring of emotion and respect from clubs, players, and fans following the tragic loss of Liam Miller,” said O’Rourke. “That underlines the esteem in which Liam was and will always be held.”
“There will be a moment of silence before tonight’s match between Melbourne City FC, one of Liam’s former clubs, and Sydney FC, while Brisbane Roar’s Westfield W-League side will wear black armbands tomorrow.
“Our thoughts go out to those closest to Liam – his wife, children, family and friends.”
There will also be a moment of silence held in honour of Miller prior to Sunday’s Westfield W-League semi-final between Brisbane Roar and Melbourne City at Perry Park in Queensland.
Celtic Football Club (@CelticFC)
Everyone at #CelticFC is deeply saddened to hear of the passing of former midfielder Liam Miller. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends at this time.
RIP Liam, YNWA. pic.twitter.com/vMkT1CtJ2m
